#LyX 1.5.6 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 276
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section*
References
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
M.
 E.
 Bratman, “Intentions, Plans, and Practical Reason,” Harvard University
 Press, Cambridge, MA, 1987.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
BDI Agents and AgentSpeak(L)(Romelia Plesa,PhD Candidate, University of
 Ottawa)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
A BDI Agent-Based Software Process(Chang-Hyun Jo, California State University
 Fullerton, USA, Jeffery M.
 Einhorn, University of North Dakota, USA.
 AgentSpeak(L): BDI Agents speak out in a logical computable language (Anand
 S.
 Rao) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
http://jason.sourceforge.net/mini-tutorial/getting-started/ 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
P.
 R.
 Cohen and H.
 J.
 Levesque, “Intention is choice with commitment,” Artificial Intelligence
 , vol.
 42, is.
 2-3, pp.213-261, 1990.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Bordini, R.
 H., Hübner, J.
 F.
 and Vieira, R., “Jason and the Golden Fleece of agent-oriented programming.”
 In R.
 H.
 Bordini, M.
 Dastani, J.
 Dix, and A.
 El Fallah Seghrouchni, editors, Multi-Agent Programming: Languages, Platforms
 and Applications, chapter 1, pp.
 3–37,Springer-Verlag, 2005.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Rao, A.
 S.
 “AgentSpeak(L): BDI agents speak out in a logical computable language”,
 In Proceedings of the 7th European Workshop on Modelling Autonomous Agents
 in A Multi-Agent World (MAAMAW’96,), pp.
 42-55, 1996 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
